This should serve as a LIVING DOCUMENT for gameplay stuff.

General idea
    The general idea of the game is that you are going to incrementally expand from a small time meteor farmer
    to the captain of the galaxy.  As you acquire resources, your empire will expand and your access to tools and
    knowledge will increase with your reach.


=== resources

    The fundamental conceit of the game is farming resources to acquire more territory to farm more resources.

    In the beginning, you start with a single drone and only one resource (rock) to farm and sell (cash).  As you
    progress into farming the asteroid field, you'll unlock another resource that you can sell for more (glass).
    Eventually in stage one you unlock dilithium which you need for FTL.

         resource[requisites/info]

        Stage one resources -   Ships       -   drone[cash]
                                Farmables   -   rock[cash]->glass[cash]->dilithium[cash]
                                Territories -   asteroids[cash, drones]->asteroid families?

    Once you unlock FTL, dilithium becomes your primary resource and you unlock the 'systems' menu.  Within the
    systems menu, you need to be able to see each system's resource production.  As you explore various systems,
    you will discover the ability to farm a bunch of other resources that you need for galactic exploration.

        Stage two resources -   Ships       -   drone ship[cash, dilithium], exploration ship[cash, dilithium]
                                                space station[cash, dark matter], sun ship[cash, stardust]
                                Farmables   -   dilithium->dark matter->stardust
                                Territories -   solar systems, wormholes (allow more solar systems due to engines)

    Once you go to war, the game really starts to grow grow grow

        Stage three resources -     Ships        - tons of military options
                                Farmables    - need to recruit soldiers as well as stuff for ammo / fuel
                                Territories  - clusters, super portals, black holes, plenty of options

    Stage four is stage three with tweaks.

=== progression

Beginning
    You start at the beginning as a small time asteroid farmer.  You've got one drone who farms a sector slowly
    and he comes back with rocks.  You sell rocks at a low rate.

Stage one - outgrowing the solar system
    After you acquire enough rocks, you'll buy more drones.

    After you have enough drones, a story even occurs, and FTL is unlocked.

    You can start buying ships to carry drones to other solar systems.

Stage two - from systems to clusters
    After you acquire a ship and start farming another solar system, we'll unlock a second-tier map menu
    called "systems" where you can assign your ships to systems.  Each ship carries n drones and is assigned to
    a solar system.

    Once you have acquired enough ships to start exploring the galaxy, you unlock the "exploration" feature,
    which is what we need to find other systems to mine.

    Once you discover all the systems available to you, your explorers get bored and venture beyond the local cloud.

Stage three - from local cluster to a galactic quadrant

    After your explorers discover life in the rest of the galaxy, you get attacked and convert half of your workers to soldiers.

    You learn how to create envoys - drones + ships + military... need to configure envoy's strength based on size of FTL sphere(?)

    You also unlock the "subgroup" menu where you see collections of systems... or the warring factions of the galaxy.

    As your resources and military expand, you can invade other subgroups and claim their systems, bringing them into your
    systems menu.

    Once you've conquered all of the factions, you're onto quadrants.

Stage four - quadrants
    At this point you zoom out a bit further and unlock the "quadrant" menu which has four unique quests.  The protector of the
    quadrant or some story nonsense tells you that there's an artifact hidden... you find it, hear about three more.

    The four quests should be
        - focus on military
        - focus on science/research
        - focus on resources
        - focus on settlements